# WinGPT
Old–School WinForms GPT interface.

## What is this?
This is a simple WinForms interface for the OpenAI GPT API.

## How to use?
There are 3 Levels of WinGPT usage:

### Level 0
- Start the application  
Make sure .NET 7.0 or higher is installed.
- Enter your API key  
This key is eiter generated by you on the OpenAPI website or provided by a third party.
- Select your Base-Directory  
All your chat history will be saved here, and possibly other files, depending on your usage. A freshly created brand new folder on your desktop or in your documents folder is highly recommended.
- Enter a prompt  
A "prompt" is a text that you send to the AI.
- Click send  
Once you have sent the request, it might take a moment. We will practice patience and wait for the AI to finish, so we will be presented with all of the response at once.
- Enjoy.  
You managed Level 0! Congratualations!! You have officially used AI now.


### Level 1
Open the `Settings` menu and select `Show Tulpas`.


# What is a Tulpa?
A Tulpa is a file that can represent many use-cases of the AI chat model.

In it's simplest form, it is a text file that contains a system-message. The text file has the ending `.md` and can contain `markdown` syntax. The chat models understand `markdown` syntax very well and will also answer with it.  
 The whole content of the text-file is sent to the AI **before** your prompt in order to "prime" the AI on a specific task. Some classic priming techniques are:
- Role-Prompting  
>You are a top-secret agent with a 00-license and **never** tell **anything** to **anybody** under **ANY** circumstances! You will **never** give answers to even the easiest questions!`
- 1-Shot, 2-Shot, Few-Shot  
The AI is presented with 1, 2 or more examples of how you want it to behave.
- Context documents  
The AI is presented with one or more documents that it can use as a reference for the conversation. Depending on the chosen model, this can be a substantial amount of text and knowledge.



